1. Introduction/History

Thanks for trying out inventory! 
Inventory was a program I developed from scratch during the summer of 2014. I had lunch with a friend when he asked me to write a program
for him. He needed a program to streamline the process of taking inventory for his parents' wholesale vegetable company Champion Produce Inc.
Having only completed my basic data structures class, I wasn't sure if I could do it, but I asked him for what he wanted. That night, he 
showed me the sheets of paper that the workers had to fill out every day to record the day's transactions of vegetables. He told me it takes at
least 45 minutes every night just to do inventory. Anyway, that night I wrote on paper the basic design of objects and how they interacted. 
The program started on paper, then moved to a text version, and eventually got a front-end. Along the way, I would keep checking up on him, 
making sure that both of us were on the same page. As development progressed, he would ask for more features, such as saving, printing, and
buying/selling multiple vegetables at once. The program was in working order in just a month and, after touching up on it from time to time, 
was completed half a year later. I was very surprised at how I was able to make such a full program after taking a basic data structures coures.
I learned a lot about object design as well as using Qt. Front-end is no joke!

(The way they took inventory was a bit special. They needed to separate all vegetables by which company sold them and what day the vegetables
 were bought. They also needed to know how many boxes total were in their inventory. Then they needed a history to see their past interactions.
 To make things more complicated, they also needed to record customers returning vegetables and vegetables they returned to companies. Then they
 also wanted three different ways of printing: today's transactions, the history, and then what's still left in the inventory.)

2. How to Run

If you downloaded the mac version, double click Inventory.app to get started. If you down loaded the windows
version, go to the Inventory folder and double click Inventory.exe. When you first open the program, all the fields are empty. 

3. How to Use

First, you need to go to the edit menu to add some units. Then, add some vegetables, customers, and companies. After that, you can start
buying and selling vegetables. When buying and selling, you are able to buy and sell any combination of vegetables at the same time. In the 
breakdown box is where you can see all the groups of one particular vegetable. The groups are separated by date of purchase and company where
the vegetable came from. At the bottom is the history where one's transactions are recorded. There is also a filter if you only want to see
a certain type of transaction. On the top right are the two return boxes where returns to and from customers/companies are handled. When you
need to dump your old vegetables, there is also a button for that.

4. Demonstration

To see a very quick demonstration, just go to File -> Load File and select one of the sample files from the Sample File folder. You can also
use the shortcut Ctrl + O or CMD + O. To save files, just click File -> Save File or Ctrl + S or CMD + S

5. Report bugs

If you come across any bugs, please email me at jycprogrammer@gmail.com ! Thanks!
